README.md, before:

# AVScripts

This is for keeping AV related scripts used in OBS for our church meetings.
- Using custom browser dock to update Hymn number displayed on the video, which is displayed on TV and used for broadcasting.

## AV Check List.html
- A checklist for AV service

## HymnNumDisplay.html
- Hymn number conversion using web browser docks. It uses localStorage for setting and getting hymn numbers.
	### HymnNumDisplay.js
	- functions for HymnNumDisplay
   	- supports Spanish and Russian hymn number conversions.
	### HymnNumDisplay.css
	- styles for HymnNumDisplay
	### HymnNum.html
	- Hymn text to be shown on video/TV

- Configure: use "http://absolute/" for custom browser docks setup instead of "file:///"
- Usage: 
	- Add "HymnNumDisplay.html" to OBS custom browser dock
	- Add "HymnNum.html" as a broswer source in a OBS scene
	- When number is typed inside one of the input boxes in "HymnNumDisplay.html", it fetches the corresponding English or Spanish hymn number and stores them in localStorage.
	- When localStorage changes, it updates the hymn text in "HymnNum.html".

## Hymn-num-converter.lua (deprecated)
- A lua script for OBS to auto convert hymn number entered from English to Spanish or vice versa, and display in the text box overlaying the video.
- It interacts with the text box inside a scene.
- Not as good as using HymnNumDisplay.html

Commit message:

Update README with hymnsDict.js information
Added details about hymnsDict.js for hymn number conversions.

README.md, after:

# AVScripts

This is for keeping AV related scripts used in OBS for our church meetings.
- Using custom browser dock to update Hymn number displayed on the video, which is displayed on TV and used for broadcasting.

## AV Check List.html
- A checklist for AV service

## HymnNumDisplay.html
- Hymn number conversion using web browser docks. It uses localStorage for setting and getting hymn numbers.
  	### hymnsDict.js
  	- key:value dictionaries for hymn number conversions
  	- use "key" for English, "val" for other languages (Spanish or Russian)
	### HymnNumDisplay.js
	- functions for HymnNumDisplay
   	- supports Spanish and Russian hymn number conversions.
	### HymnNumDisplay.css
	- styles for HymnNumDisplay
	### HymnNum.html
	- hymn text to be shown on video/TV

- Configure: use "http://absolute/" for custom browser docks setup instead of "file:///"
- Usage: 
	- Add "HymnNumDisplay.html" to OBS custom browser dock
	- Add "HymnNum.html" as a broswer source in a OBS scene
	- When number is typed inside one of the input boxes in "HymnNumDisplay.html", it fetches the corresponding English or Spanish hymn number and stores them in localStorage.
	- When localStorage changes, it updates the hymn text in "HymnNum.html".

## Hymn-num-converter.lua (deprecated)
- A lua script for OBS to auto convert hymn number entered from English to Spanish or vice versa, and display in the text box overlaying the video.
- It interacts with the text box inside a scene.
- Not as good as using HymnNumDisplay.html
